there's no way that's true right that's
what your responses you're like sure
logically it could be true but you
weren't there and you really don't know
it's impossible is that how you feel
it's impossible yeah
it's impossible that she could like you
so what's your name buddy
my name is head Hayden okay yeah
and so tell me Hayden what are we
talking about today
be sure we're talking about me being an
insult
okay so why don't we start with this
what does that mean it means it just
means that I almost sad come okay what
is in what ways are you assign count
sorry for the story grab my lads this
way sure I I don't actually I mean yeah
I think you can say I don't think
you should say things that are offensive
so maybe maybe sorry any word yeah
that's just my coach oh sorry yeah
that's okay
it's good you lift you noticed yeah I'm
just a little bit like misogynist and
kind of go like a negative view on women
I guess okay just from that's strange
most misogynists describe themselves as
misogynists I don't know I don't usually
hear that usually people get called
misogynists right oh yeah I've been coda
misogynist but okay silly what what is
that
so I don't think I'm fully misogynist oh
just like what so what is it when you
say you're a misogynist what is it what
does that mean just means just negative
you and women what does that mean a
negative view on women can you help me
understand that
I don't know like just so bad things to
relate to them okay so let me it seems
like it's a little bit tricky for you to
answer questions is that are you feeling
that way yeah yeah yeah
so let's let's just try to understand
that first are you feeling nervous yeah
yeah like on a scale of one to ten how
nervous are you right now
uh probably like seven eight okay and
what is it that's making you nervous
do you think uh just the fact that uh
I've watched you a lot i watch all the
streamers that you interview so like
it's kind of like surreal okay
thank you okay so justjust do you think
some of your nervousness has to do with
what we're talking about or is it just
being on stream in general yeah and that
but I don't know I just don't really
like I don't think I'm the biggest in so
you could have caught what the man
like what's what's up with all these
like people coming on that are not
gigantic I don't think there's such
thing as like what would the biggest
insult look like let's start there just
really hates everything I mean I hate
everything but like really hates you
would look ugly you know the head of you
would endure you just I think I'm
alright okay I would add I think I'm I
don't think I look amazing but yeah you
and me both brother thanks okay so what
what else is different between you and
so that the the ultimate insult the
final boss of the insults the clan
leader of the in cells would be uglier
than you are what else would be
different about him he'd be a man
male yeah okay
can you be a female and sell yes okay so
that's kind of confusing because you
know I asked you like what's an in sell
and then you kind of talk started
talking about misogyny so what's an
insult but just explain it to us like
help us understand you got understand
right so like back in my day I mean I
was probably an insult but they didn't
exist so how is more common today cuz
the internet like you know I don't
really social a lot so like this just
the fact that I just stay inside enjoy
the time okay what does I don't have to
do with you being an insult
because I have an opportunity to be in a
relationship or they women you don't
have an opportunity well less of an
opportunity but okay like but yet and
but also with like the culture today I
think makes for more in sales as well
max there are a lot of insults right now
I mean you take maximal cells as well no
I said wait what was a lot of in cells
okay so let's start with this what is
the term in cell stand for involuntary
celibate picture and help me understand
what that means not your choice to be
single okay so whose choice is it that
you're single it's a woman's fault I
don't know okay so let's talk about that
how is it the woman's women or a woman
let's start there
women i matter I don't necessarily agree
with that I think it can be it can be
but I also like its sorry mind afraid
we're gonna be perceived Hayden a little
bit but not really really cuz I'm
getting a lot of hesitation from you and
I'm trying to figure out if that has me
I just like generally not know I'm just
like not clear in my thoughts
okay like I've been thinking about it
coming up to the interview but like I've
had conversations in my head with you
but it's never likely cut like this is
what I think this is my opinion it's
always like Mackie and like yeah this
and this so so let's start there Hayden
is this a place where we want people to
have clear-cut thoughts and opinions you
know is that what people come here for
uh no I don't think so yeah so what do
people come here for uh take it to help
understand the way you think about
things okay and so like if I take two
people so let's say that our audience is
interested in understanding the way that
they think and I give them two options
one is someone who has done a lot of
thinking and is very clear and they're
thinking and the other one doesn't
understand what the they think and
they're thinking is very murky which one
do you think our audio which one do you
think helps our audience more fake
laying straight like to the point person
how because you can easily help him
understand way he's going wrong well I
think you can more than any guy that
doesn't know so I actually disagree so
the first thing is you have a
presumption that the clear-headed person
is going somewhere wrong which I don't
accept that like I don't think that it's
not my job to tell people where they're
thinking is flawed right because I just
for this situation like I think being an
in cell
and big misogynist is wrong why but I
well I just think it's wrong and stupid
but why also it's because I don't know
yeah so Hayden I ask you like can we be
a little bit critical of ourselves yeah
and so the first place that we need to
be critical of is placing a value
judgment on whether being an insult is a
good thing or a bad thing or whether
being a misogynist is a good thing or a
bad thing
nope right so like a I don't know if
you've caught some of these streams but
a big thing that I've come to appreciate
is that our mind does things that are
adaptive like anxiety is a protective
mechanism right ego is a protective
mechanism and so I don't know if that
applies to being an insular and
misogynist but I'd be curious about that
and I think if you want to change which
we haven't explicitly talked about but
there's you know I kind of had this
assumption that you don't want to be an
insult anymore is that true Tonda yeah I
mean yeah rather have a positive view
rather than having in you what's
negative about the view of an insult
[Music]
just how to
I think there is native things like just
thinking just judging a person off the
agenda is pretty negative but er your
judgments accurate I mean if they
thought of it I go it's accurate but
like if you if you
I don't think everybody's like that you
know I mean do you think most in cells
feel the way that you feel yep that they
and what about what about that like do
they think that do you think that they
don't like being misogynists oh I've no
D okay um it's a good answer so hmm
so let me I want to share like maybe one
or two thoughts and then maybe I can we
can ask it kind of different strain of
questions because it seems like your
thoughts about this aren't clear which
other is the first thing I want talk
about so that's good I think it's good
that you're not clear the reason that
our scream helps people is because we
take people who have muddy water and we
help them clear it up and since other
people watch that process like they can
clear up their own thoughts whereas if
someone comes in with fully formed
thoughts that's very clear and
understands themselves like that doesn't
help us like our audience wants to be
that person but they don't know how to
get there so let me put it to you this
way like what do you think would help
people more watching an out-of-shape guy
get into shape or watching an in shape
guy talk about how he's in shape in the
attitude guys absolutely so that's what
we're here for we're here for your muddy
thoughts we're here for your half-formed
thoughts like that's what we want man
and and like it's not weird I'm not
expecting you to have everything figured
out if you you know if you had
everything figured out when you would go
on a show like you would go on Destiny's
stream and like debate it right like
people on destinies
stream like know what they know and they
know what they think and their their
beliefs are firmly held like that's why
this is the opposite like I want people
who don't understand what on earth they
think because I don't understand one on
earth you think look we're coming
we're starting from ignorance not
knowledge like that's what the stream is
all about it's about ignorance like I
start by asking you a question like
what's an insult because people think
I'm an expert but I don't think you guys
get this like do you think I'm an expert
what beautiful so you guys do get it
right so you we don't expect you to know
things and I'm thrilled to hear this
because this is a weight off my
shoulders because I'm terrified that you
guys think I have answers I don't have
answers I have questions yeah I know
that you have questions no answers
great based off the other streams
because you know you never see do you
say you think you can help somebody
don't say you know you can help so
absolutely so who's got the answers here
they Mir you me absolutely and so you
may not know that you have the answers
or you may not know what they are yet
but my role is to help you figure out
what answer you know by asking you
questions and that starts with you
giving us crappy answers here's how this
works
I ask you a question you give me a
crappy answer I ask you another question
you give me a slightly better answer and
we do that for about an hour and then
hopefully laughs Mansour's who knows
what do you think about that
damn it makes sense can I rely on you to
give me just shitty ass answers yep
awesome dude thank you very much so let
me ask you this how long have you been
in itself pretty much okay so so and
alright like could you explain a like
the red pill blackwell stuff cuz I think
that might help I don't know what that
is
now then don't worry but yeah well if
gets out can you explain it no I just
hate people talk about it it's like your
assistant asked me about it but okay I
didn't know what I don't understand what
black pill is but I can explain to you
what I know
so when I was in college there's this
thing that started becoming popular
called pickup artists or the PUA
community and these were people that
thought that essentially getting laid or
picking up a girl for a short term
sexual satisfaction was like a skill and
I think they're right in a sense right
so like being able to convince someone
to have sex with you is sort of like
becoming is like selling a car like it's
a skill that you can learn and so what
happened is I think that they took what
was then the insel community and gave
them a light of hope they said that you
can get laid too and all you have to do
is like work with us and we're artists
were pickup artists so we're gonna get
and they can't started coming up with
all of these in my opinion pseudo
scientific concepts they think that
they're scientific concepts maybe we'll
get there I'm not really sure I'm not an
expert in that stuff and and they
started coming up so they started like
explaining to people that like you're an
insulin there's like biology involved
and it's anyway so like they started
sort of supporting their things with
scientific theories and then over time I
think this became the red pill community
and my understanding of the red pill
community is that they're a group of
people who believe that men have falsely
been lured into a perception about the
dynamics between men and women so that
like there are some value judgments like
marriage and monogamy which are not like
which are sort of like I don't really
understand this stuff but the best way I
can put it is that like some of the
assumptions that we have about the
relationships between men and women are
actually false and this is an analogy
from the matrix about like do you want
to live in a world of false comfort or
do you want to face reality and take the
red pill and see things as they are so
in that kind
of idea they sort of say that like you
know some of these like monogamy and
other kinds of concepts or like blue
pill concepts and then so that's a big
part of red pill and I think the other
big part of red I mean there are lots of
big parts of red pill but as best as I
can understand there is also this
concept of alphas and betas which is
like an alpha is like a Chad and and so
that means like a dude who can get women
and a beta is a dude who either cannot
get women or gets women in a way that
sacrifices a lot of his power and
there's like there's like power dynamic
I think really alpha and beta is not
about getting laid the best I can
understand it's about a power dynamic
between men and women and that's what I
understand I actually literally do not
know what black pill is so like at some
point maybe in the early like 2010-2011
I sort of like lost track of the
evolution of the pickup artists or red
pill community which I was at in essence
like sort of a part of in the sense that
I had friends who were really into
pickup artists and I like read some of
their stuff and things like that because
I couldn't get a girlfriend how old are
you by the way I'm 21 yeah so like I I
had real I had never really dated a girl
by the time I was your age and you know
I went to college and like my freshman
and sophomore year I like tried to date
women and it just ended catastrophic ly
every single time yeah like I think I'm
like a like a beta but what does that
mean I don't well as you said somebody
that uh isn't outgoing you know isn't
doesn't approach women I can't chat them
up yeah Sarah and I think I'm just a
beta that doesn't seem it doesn't like
suck up to women or anything like that
okay so what is what does that mean suck
up to women what I mean just treat them
like royalty out of there okay how do
you treat women uh just like I would a
date
is normal okay she's like human a human
human a human and and what about where
does the misogyny come in there because
that doesn't sound very misogynistic me
at all I mean some women they have like
egos or like yeah baby what what do we
go to sickle women do to man
some depends well some lead him on some
how does that work and well why would a
woman lead on a man what does that look
like and like what it for Lester Otis
what is leading a dude on look like it
just looks like just teasing with him
just playing with him just like giving
him false heart and then and then only
using him for her benefit yeah yeah does
that happen to you yep can you tell us
about that yeah
just a situation where those friends of
a cheek we got along the look but yeah I
was asleep
last year okay can you tell us about her
you don't have to give like identifying
details but like like what kind of
person was she like what did you like
about her she's hot okay the most
important thing yep we got along I mean
like like we like thought alike
we how did you guys meet
through a friend like Oh interesting
well no we met we I went clubbing with
her and then after that yeah
basically huh do betas go clubbing no
but I do well I'm a beta vote linkage Oh
interest I don't like clubbing but I'm
shipping it but yeah I'm surprised to
hear that I usually when I imagine a
beta I think about you know someone
who's in a room like this with
electronics and they don't go out and go
clubbing it's weird I mean I have
friends and like sort of a social life
but Flake citizen a so you were out
clubbing and you met her while clubbing
yeah like whoa she's friends with my
friends silly he invited me out to go
clubbing with him in like then what and
then I went out is he an insult your
friend yeah okay
but he's friends with hot girls I mean
yeah he doesn't have a chance but yeah
he's friends with food hmm interesting
why don't you think he has a chance
because there's always someone better
than him in what wakes was looks-wise
yeah so people who are better looking
than he is yeah and if there's someone
better looking than he is he doesn't
stand a chance
yeah probably okay so what you're
telling me is that your perception is
that women choose men solely based on
looks I mean yeah I think it's a big pop
I don't think solely based on looks okay
so what else so how do you think women
make choices about who they date whoa
I think looks and personality in tennis
shoes only they like him personality
yeah
and how much they like them okay so
maybe we can kind of get to some of
those abstract things in a little bit
can can we go back to so you met this
girl she was a friend of your friends
and she was hot you all were at a club
together and did you interact with her
when I was out Tommy I awkwardly dancing
yeah well enough to his yeah nothing
happened in the back
slit wake up when you talk to a lady
danced did you dance with her yeah the
news cringe okay how do you know it was
cringe because it just was awkward
you felt awkward it was super good okay
and so then what happens well then she
hooked up with a black dude that was
attracted I see at the club that night
yep and what is what is hooking up mean
just hooking up kissing kissing so you
saw them I mean yeah which doing it
doing this thing alright I saw I know
this is gonna sound bizarre Hayden but I
don't know what hooking up means like
literally I don't know if that means
they had sex I don't know if that means
they just uh just thought I'm making up
from the club okay and and so did you
want to make out with her in the club
yeah probably and you saw them making
out yep and do you remember how you felt
when you saw that
I mean yep how did you feel
missed opportunity missed opportunity
that sounds like a watered down answer
to me buddy
I think about missed opportunities like
so you play games dude yeah so like you
familiar with this game Jedi fallen
order or whatever yeah kind of haven't
watched any gameplay but yeah so yeah I
bought this game when this kovat stuff
was starting and then about three days
after I bought the game it went on sale
and so I felt like that was a missed
opportunity like oh I could have saved
like when I think about the phrase
missed opportunity I sort of think about
and maybe this is like my perception
okay so I'm just sharing with you what I
hear when you say that like I think
about like oh I could have saved 15
bucks like man that was a missed
opportunity I think of it like if I was
more confident in this like socially
awkward and anxious I could have done
better so you know didn't have to you
know but yeah
did you think that maybe you would be
better if you were black yep and being
black is important because you'd have a
bigger dick and look better than Tina it
alone yeah so it would you say you don't
have that advantage this guy has the I
know it's funny what's funny about it
it's weird to say isn't it say
we're both thinking about the dick size
right no no oh just me yeah yeah I just
think about the big size when it comes
to black man when you're you know what
I'm sorry I said it's part of the
package it's part of the package yeah so
it's like yeah you kind of think about
that yeah yeah for a second there I was
like maybe oh I guess just dr. K thinks
about black dicks like that's just me
projecting what's in your head but I'm
sure
awesome man so yeah so you you kind of
thought like so what I'm seeing is that
you know you thought that you could have
been better if you were black I mean
like I think part of its like social
like I'm just says if you're anxious and
socially awkward and I'm like super like
self aware as well so then it just makes
everything worse
sure anxiety oh yeah no I notice it and
then I dance li awkwardly I don't like
this cringe like and then yeah
that and then yes super awkward and
cringe well I'm not a very good dancer
so that's pretty oh good how did you
feel when you saw her making out with
the dude I mean nice - it is what it is
right that's a thought how did you feel
feel like what does that mean just
say I don't know I could have done
better okay just feeling okay so we
can I'm gonna I'm gonna move us along if
that's okay Hayden but I just think it
you know I think it's worthwhile noting
that like feeling like I hear what
you're saying
and I kind of know what you mean but I
think there are a lot of feelings there
right so yeah like I just felt like I
wasn't good enough yeah they're not good
enough and also that like I'm also
getting a sense of powerlessness about
this situation like like I'm getting
some amount of self-loathing some amount
of shame and also some amount of power
so like let me take a stab at what may
be your thoughts are you know see you
kind of sit like I can just imagine like
you're kind of dancing with this girl
and it probably was like hard to even
like get up the courage to even dance
with her right like if you feel kind of
cringe and awkward and like you're not
confident in yourself like it takes a
lot to even take that first step and
then she kind of like you you put in
like a lot of work to like overcome your
anxiety and you dance with her and then
she goes off and makes out with a black
dude and dip and looking at that
probably hurts right so I'm just gonna
toss out like what I can imagine you
felt or maybe a better way to put it is
remember the way that I felt when I
talked to a girl at a party when I was a
freshman in college and you know it was
hard and then she ended up talking to
another guy or leaving with another guy
I felt like things were unfair I felt
like I was cursed because you know in
your situation I didn't I don't remember
having these particular thoughts but
like you know you were kind of saying
wait because he's black this is why this
is happening there's there's there's a
sense of you know you're what you get is
not yours to control because you're not
black let's not judge the thoughts I see
you judging the thoughts are you judging
the thoughts what do you mean what like
are you saying these thoughts are stupid
no okay what do you know what do you
think I agree I agree with them I'm just
thinking like just yeah nothing so I
think there's something about alike
powerlessness and sort of the sense that
things are out of your control but the
funny thing is like you also blame
yourself right language sort of doesn't
make sense because either it's out of
your control or it's in your control but
you manage to beat yourself up with both
of those things it's like right hook
left hook you know it's like oh but like
if you were better then she would be
talking to you instead of
dude and if you were black she would be
talking to you so it's kind of like
you're screwed because you're not black
and you're also screwed because you're
awkward and cringe and you're anxious
and so like it's your fault and it's out
of your control
that's a terrible place to be feels yeah
place to be yeah I also think that um if
I wasn't awkward and cringe I could like
not care as much is like like losing
missing that opportunity
well not it wouldn't be missing
opportunity just that never happening
cuz there's plenty more option nice I
could you know go laugh it no get but uh
yeah yeah so what happened next
nothing just said yeah Ron discord oh
yeah now we went back to her friend's
house we all slept in the same room and
hold on we should she you and her went
back to her friend's house and y'all
slept in the same yeah yeah no I mean no
but we'll all in there because it was
her friend's mother's house so we all
went back to there and that yeah we just
went to bed
watched a movie okay and then in the
morning telling in the morning no I just
made a laugh and we played games on
discord you made her laugh how did it
feel to do that oh I'll make a little
people s ego but wait but yes how did it
feel
so when I ask you how you feel and
your answer is I make a lot of people
laugh what are you doing there
why do you say that what is your mind
doing kissa is making people laugh isn't
really a big deal to me alright okay I'm
not so sure I agree with that I mean it
like yeah so I'm gonna toss something
out Hayden so I get the sense that what
you're doing is I asked you how you felt
and my sense is that like you felt good
it felt good yeah and then when I asked
you how you felt
instead of saying good you kind of
invalidate the way that you feel by like
saying it's not that big of a deal I do
it all the time do you see that truth
but you're kind of stepping away like
you're willfully stepping away from your
positive qualities and positive
interactions yeah yes missing it
essentially yeah you're dismissing your
good feelings now why do we do that
any idea to protect yourself oh wow I
didn't think you'd be able to get there
Hayden what are you protecting
why does dismissing our good feelings
what does that protect us from getting
disappointed very good protects you from
hope how do you feel that Hope Haven
just like if I told you that I think
that you don't have to be an insult for
the rest of your life how would that
make you feel good would it make you
feel bad too
I mean okay cool
so we'll see if I'm not actually saying
that yet but we'll see
maybe we'll get you there do you think
you haven't also yeah yeah I think I
think I have hope in the right situation
okay so let's explore it Kim
can we keep talking is that okay dude so
you made her laugh yep did you think you
had a shot when you made her laugh no
but it was nice to make a lot I mean do
you and then you guys started playing
you added or on discord yeah we played
pub G how did you do that did you ask
her for her desk or tidy donors mister
and dance
cuz uh how did you think about who the
messenger had a message her if you
didn't know well I like I like sorta
talk to a once before we went out so I
kind of like kind of had an idea who she
was
and then afterwards so I just knew who
she was and I already had a steam I'm
pretty sure from okay like ages ago
okay like I don't really know right
because like like the reason I'm
tunneling down into this because a lot
of times getting contact information of
women is actually a hard thing for in
cells yeah right oh when I was growing
up I wasn't really Ninh so but I wasn't
in so in the way that I didn't have
relationships but tolki two women don't
just guess when I was growing up it was
like easy
yeah pretty easy for me there's a Chad
deep within you yeah there's an alpha in
there man talking they're just girls was
easy
Wow impress
so then what happens so you guys start
playing games on on pub G oh yeah then
ya know you like her at this point not
at this point I was just getting to know
uh talking about then yeah I think
I didn't really like it to like later on
and it took me a while to develop
feelings okay what do you what started
to happen what kind of feelings did you
develop I couldn't really help it as
well like the feelings just uh kind of
like kind of trouble I got didn't want
to feel that way but I couldn't help
what feel so to be in a relationship
with it alright okay were you in love
with her yeah probably do you think I'm
trying to figure out why that's hard for
you to say or recognize
yeah yeah sounds like you felt a lot
yeah yeah probably yeah do in cells
usual I mean do in cells fall in love
what does that happen to them what do
you think no well no no I think they do
but then they I don't know I think they
can't yeah I think it happens a lot yeah
what do you think and that's what I
become in so yeah great thought like
that's what I was thinking too but can
you help me understand you know because
the last time I assumed we had the same
thought it turned out to be very wrong
so why do you think that falling in love
helps them along the path of becoming it
an insult because I get hurt and then
you know they're necessarily oh no they
just can't they don't have control yeah
hmm what don't they have control over he
likes them he doesn't do you can't make
someone love you back yeah so what did
you start doing what did you do anything
differently when you started developing
feelings for her
yeah outside sir would you sergeant I
would sound like a message rim or Oxford
or play games well then I'll notice it
as well cuz you know needy but well yeah
what do you mean by that what does that
mean needy
well like I want to play games with her
kids I'm bored and desperate and she's
not so its needy on my end cuz how is
that bored and desperate I'm confused
well I had nothing but I was born in
desperate how do you know she has more
because she's not pulling desperate how
do you know that though because I'm lost
how do you know what her social life is
though cuz she tells me I see ok yeah I
mean I didn't mean to ask though I was
just genuinely curious like you're sort
of saying that is that what I'm seeing
is like early on you kind of said that
you treat women like humans right you
don't treat them differently and what
I'm seeing is like two people who enjoy
playing games together and generally
speaking people on discord or bored and
desperate like that's that's the average
skort user right that's it and and even
even the women that I've talked to her
played games with who are discord also
tend to be pretty bored and desperate
they tend to be like I don't see a big
gender difference in terms of you know
how successful or bored people are or
desperate people are on discord just in
my own experience we're all gamers the
end of the day but anyways so it does
sound like she had a pretty active
social life so what I'm kinda getting a
sense of is is maybe what's needy is
that she had a life outside of you but
you were noticing that your life started
to revolve more around her yeah I think
while I was working at the time and like
when he was getting bad Legos
like don't I was working at a factory so
then I'd like so old I had time to think
cuz it was like a very boring job so
that made it like evil was then it was
and I was made what even worse just
thinking and being like obsessing kind
of hmm and it's just creepy and weird
but it is what was happening obsessing
what kind of thoughts were you having
that's just the situations where you
could look at so you were fantasizing
about how things could work yeah and and
what kind of can you walk us through one
of those and if that's too personal it
makes you uncomfortable we don't have to
do but I'm I'm just the reason I'm
asking is because I I'm curious whether
what you say is gonna resonate with the
people that are watching because I think
a big problem here yeah we all have
these thoughts but like no like you feel
alone with those thoughts right you feel
pathetic with those thoughts and the
point of saying here is that you're
pathetic but you're not alone yeah right
we're all pathetic yeah situation oh
that's just
just I think it's more like her changing
changing how oh no it's like I'm trying
to remember like it thought oh how would
think what would you say I guess it's
like ego as well because like like I'll
think that you know I'm prettier on date
you know and then she she just has open
eyes or someone listens sure she just
has to see how good you are
yeah okay yeah pretty much and so so you
start thinking about her more and more
yeah and so you're thinking about her
while you're working and then you play
games with her in the evening and what
are you do you have certain hopes like
what do you want to happen Hayden what
did you want to happen I just want to
live happily ever after
absolutely with her right yeah not with
the black dude she was making out no and
and so then what happened so like you're
thinking about having building a life
with her and you guys just play games
together did you ever share your
feelings there no that
what gets in the way of that cuz she
doesn't share the same feelings so
what's the point
how do you know that kiss if she did so
we would be dating okay I want I want to
put I want you to just try something for
I know that I don't have that said stuff
but yep what I just said scented dumb
but late so so let's just assume it
seems but it ended differently what
sounds dumb about that
well you can never know what somebody
else is thinking yeah but that's not
what actually happens in your head right
like you don't tell yourself you can't
actually know what someone else is
thinking yeah well like I'm not gonna
tell her my feelings when she's you know
clubbing and you know and also yeah no
she she tells me wait okay well when I
was working in the factory and I was
like doing about work and and just
losing my mind she she like was messaged
me about their guy problems as well so
that's pretty low you know what Blair so
that's how I what was a low blow about
that let's think about that for a second
cuz stung me yeah what's what's not oh
you're not the one she's having guy
problems with yeah well I mean if you
want if you want to be the guy she's
having guy problems with you can just
tell her what your feelings are then you
guys can have a problem
right you could become part of the drama
man well I sit on sidelines I don't know
if that's a problem that I want but
let's think about that for a second
cuz you're saying like I want to be the
guy that she texts loser in sells about
because she's having problems right you
want to be in that role no I don't I
don't we message brother
okay you don't want to be messaged about
that but you want to be the
you want to be the that she's
messaging other dudes about yeah yeah
true enough right so like like she has
drama with dudes and you don't want to
hear about that because you want to be
with her why is she sending you those
messages because I'm a pretty
straightforward and honest person saying
I guess she believes my opinion you're
straightforward and honest really maybe
enough to you but when we're friends
yeah no I apologize I didn't mean to I
was just really confused because what
I'm hearing from you is like you had
these feelings and you were anything but
straightforward or honest yeah just
those feelings here so so I'm not trying
to make a value judgment on you as a
whole I'm just like it I just surprised
to hear you say that because it sounds
like you were playing one you know you
were interacting with her in a
particular way and you were thinking
about her in a different way yeah so
then what happened did you feel like
like she was leading you on at this
point
no I just thought it sucks but yeah it
sounds I think to be in love with
someone who sends you text messages
about other dudes yep
that's so now we get back to what you
were saying like I asked you how does
that feel and you're like shitty is like
okay I got it now since like it feels
shitty yeah yeah it does so what
happened then um what happened next
just like
I'm like we we hang out we hanged out
like once so it was we went to the city
and just went shopping and then after
that I asked to hang it again and then
she ditch me of your clubbing I was like
II can't
oh sorry might ditched you to go
clubbing well like we set up playing
stood like a guard for a drink'll gonna
hang out and like I'm not made out but a
Dana and then she bailed on me to get
clubbing with a friend you should rather
do it and I was like yeah that's kind of
shitty when did she bear like the same
day or like like that well uh it was
like the day before so what did she say
we got message her about Italy yeah we
still we still gonna hang out but she
spelled what did she saying she just
said it wasn't on my mind I forgot about
it I'm going clubbing
mmm not about it or forgot about you sir
difference that's what I'm wondering
sounds like there isn't it pretty much
cuz you don't forget anything about her
well right so like it's like you she
spends most of her time I mean you spend
most of your thought or you spend a lot
of your thoughts thinking about her like
if you guys had had plans you would
never forget it pretty much it feels
like you're an afterthought to her yep
like if it feels to me like she doesn't
value you as a person
it pretty much and how does it feel to
care a lot about a person who doesn't
care a lot about you
I mean it is one of these it feels
but I can't make them feel sit away sir
it's nothing I can do about it you can't
make them feel the same way so there's
nothing you can do about it I don't know
if I agree with that but we'll get there
I'm kind of curious ooh so then you know
you say you see word that is
emitted on twitch because it is
offensive and then what happened and
then we just stop talking and then after
that like we haven't talked for like a
and then we started talking like legit a
month ago when you say he stopped
talking that means when you stopped
messaging her oh yeah I just tried
forgot about it and she just you know
didn't message me either
so actually yeah so let me ask you
something did it feel like you were
doing most of the work of communication
like you were you would start all the
DMS and then she would receive you was
there a part of you that was kind of
paying attention to if I don't message
her how long is it gonna take her to
message me yeah definitely yeah and then
when she didn't message you for a week
or two did you feel like you were right
all along and like you were putting more
into this relationship than she was and
she actually does I mean about I felt
well I didn't you it neither at that
point but yeah it would wouldn't make me
feel that yeah and so was she leading
you on
no I mean I wouldn't I wouldn't say so
what did she do to you hey me
Spiritualist my friend
this that doesn't make that doesn't
answer my question at all I don't like
it sounds like she did something to you
how do you feel about her now
now just you still I don't really have
that no no really
well it's more like I don't think I'd
still love her or anything okay what why
are you smiling
oh there's no reason
it's just wait cause we're friends are
we gonna watch this and it's pretty
nerve-wracking your friend not friends
your friend see this holy she's uh
I hope she never sees this be painful
what would be painful about it should be
weird what would be weird about it
because I would the I'm irrelevant in
her head and then it's kind of like
creepy is it uh what's creepy about it
Oh me talking about her when she does a
just no clue sure but what comes off
creepy okay can I think for a second
yeah sure so first of all huge props to
you for saying all this stuff because I
mean if your friends are gonna watch it
then that's like holy man I didn't
even realize that you know yeah I guess
I should have put on the two together
that if you guys game together there's
like a small chance that she is aware of
what we are I'm not sure now a
friendship
good friends are hurt they won't tell
her yeah okay I mean sure okay so what
is it well so let me ask you the same
what does it like to share this story
like how do you feel like having talked
about this I don't never really talked
about it so it's kind of new to me good
what is what do you think like it's like
we're playing a game for the first time
you're like oh I've never played this
game before like what do you think about
this game what do you think about
talking about the things that you've
kept locked up inside total noise it's
kind of wait
it's go to it yeah so we knew you were
gonna say that
right so it sounds like you're confused
about what to feel or that you're
feeling things that are unfamiliar
that's what we really mean it's a novel
experience you I don't know how I feel
so what I'm getting from you is that you
haven't become unburdened I'm not
getting that at all
which is perfectly fine and I'm not
getting any sense of positivity or
negativity what I'm getting a sense of
is like this is new for me yeah what's
happening like okay let me just think
for a second
so having talked through this story are
there any kind of like thoughts or
reflections that kind of pop up about
yourself like if you are listening to
this this is kind of a weird question
it's sort of like I read my mind
question so if it doesn't make any sense
don't worry about it
but like I'm just wondering like has
anything kind of popped up to you is
like odd or something that you want to
think about or maybe explore or what
would you say to yourself having heard
this story I mean I just think my
thoughts really haven't changed much
sure
would you like how about it yeah oh
sorry god I feel bad it's no different
okay and any fellow would like my
thoughts to change yeah maybe yeah
okay so Hayden is it okay if I sort of
talk a little bit more and kind of take
out like ask you fewer questions for a
little bit
yes so I still don't understand exactly
where the the misogyny comes from like
do you believe that all women are gonna
treat you like she did do you believe
that if you interact with women in the
future that you're gonna end up in the
same place I mean I think I've high
standards said I could so yeah I would
end up in that situation what do you
mean you have high standards what's that
mean I go for attractive sort of like
there's a lot of people going after the
same person yeah yeah I just just uh
would you be okay with lower standards
probably not okay I don't think so
Japan would you date a girl who's a five
out of ten
probably know why not which is
I'm not attracted to them okay
so I don't think you have to be an
insult let me start with this can I
share some thoughts with you about that
you're welcome to you know SWAT them
down as they pop up the first thing is I
think a lot of your conceptions are in
your head like I think the reason that
you believe you're an insult is because
you set yourself up with a scenario that
is unwinnable like the reason that it's
not your like you you give up your power
basically which is bizarre so like you
feel powerless but like you're the one
who's actually giving it up and the
simplest thing is that you have no idea
how she feels but you make assumptions
based on what you observe about what her
preferences are so I think this is a big
problem what are you thinking you're
smiling I mean yeah no great I'm just
thinking about those situations like
what just kind of caught me off guard
okay I was just thinking of it that's a
situation so kind of evident like what
do you what do you what any of those
situations are evident what cynics me
like message me but the dude that she's
obsessed with so why would I
I mean yeah so that's the that's the
reason why I think that she doesn't like
me
sure so so so I I agree with that I
think that that actually kind of makes
sense because I think at some point you
guys became friends if she didn't have
too much of a romantic interest in you
yep so let me kind of share a couple of
other things so I think that like are
you familiar with like all of this you
know like mate selection theory that
people like insult like you guys talk
about that and insult communities like I
don't know I mean if you're part of
insel communities or not no okay
no okay so you know III think
basic issue here is that you know you're
somehow assuming her feelings and you're
somehow also assuming that she
understands yours I mean I don't think
she understands Milan but okay
so if she doesn't understand your
feelings does she have a choice to date
you or not so like actually forget about
that question let me ask you a different
question so let's assume that y'all's
positions are reversed so let's say that
she hangs out with you she saw you at
the club and then she starts to have
like a little bit of a crush on you
you seem to be dancing with her but you
demonstrate no romantic interest so
feeling hurt she goes to the first guy
that she can find and she starts to make
out with him and then at the end of the
night she doesn't go home with that guy
she goes with her friend with you you
guys sleep in the same room together and
then you all talk you make her laugh she
starts crushing on you a little bit and
then you never ask for her number and
then you messenger on discord and she's
waiting for that and every time you
message she responds you guys start
playing games together she starts to
develop feelings for you and she's
waiting for you to ask her out and you
share some kind of feeling and
she has these feelings for you that you
never see I just didn't believe she had
feelings I think we're just friends I
understand that you don't believe that
but if you can hide your feelings from
her
why can't she hide her feelings from you
I think like you see what I'm saying
like if if you can if you can hide
feelings from another human being why do
you assume that you know her feelings
like where does that thought come from
and I'm not telling you to abandon the
thought because it's illogical I'm
genuinely asking us I think it comes
from somewhere right that's like this is
where I'm not trying to prove you wrong
I'm trying to point out to you that you
have a strong belief that she does not
like you and that belief comes from
somewhere but it doesn't come from her
you see that like she you can't know
what's coming from her she can let you
know that she does like you but she may
like you and you may not be able to
detect it what do you think about that
yeah I can yeah I could see that so then
the question becomes if it's possible
for her to like you and you to not know
why don't you think about it that way
you don't think about it that way how do
you think about it when I tell you
Hayden
there's a chance that she liked you all
along what is the instinctive response
that you have to that statement
forget about logic just can't believe it
absolutely good right so like your
responses you're crazy man yeah
there's no way that's true right that's
what your responses you're like sure
logically it could be true but you
weren't there and you really don't know
it's impossible is that how you feel
it's impossible yeah
it's impossible that she could like you
yeah pretty much it okay so then yeah
that's the stuff oh not really
wait I'm not 100% but nowadays yeah
under cent yeah so then the question
becomes where did you start to believe
that you are unlikable that she couldn't
possibly be interested in you because
that's that's a belief right like that's
a belief you have about yourself that
there's no way that she could like you
yeah I just think I'm like insecure
where does that come from from from my
life remember it childhood growing up
just situations yeah okay so can can we
just think for a moment that like so
like even if what I say is like you so
you you have this firm belief that
someone like her can't like someone like
you you can get a five to like you
but you can't get it hate to like you
yeah right like that's what you think so
I think I'm not good enough
yep absolutely you know looks good in
looks too like you know yeah I mean sure
I mean you're not you know fine and and
so so my still my sense though is that
like so I think you made a couple of
mistakes here the first is that you
didn't share your feelings with her and
why didn't you do that because I didn't
think I was good enough yeah you see
that but the thing is like I know you
believe you're not good enough and I
think that's a fair belief but there's a
chance you're wrong
right like how do you know it's like
you're making a judgment for her about
whether you're good enough like you're
not actually letting her choose whether
you're good enough you're deciding for
her it's kind of like if you come over
and I'm baking a pie and then like
you're at my house and I like pull the
pie out of the oven and then I look at
the pie and I'm about to offer you piece
of pie but I'm like oh this pie is
like you may like that pie that pie may
be good but I'm I'm just I'm gonna make
that choice for you I'm gonna say this
pie is and I just throw it in the
trash and I don't even offer you a piece
because I I don't have confidence like I
just started baking pies a couple days
ago I follow recipes they're not very
good does that make sense
beautiful all right so the first thing
to understand is that in sell like what
I'm hearing from you is not that like
you're you know you don't need to be a
black guy because the problem isn't it
the problem is that you're not a black
guy the problem is that like you
fundamentally don't believe that you
don't act like you don't even give her a
chance man
and so the funny thing is that that
becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy you
meet girl after girl after girl and you
don't give him a chance and you don't
give him a chance and you don't give him
a chance and then you wind up alone and
then you start to hate them as
the class but this is like this is like
I bake a pie you come over and I'm like
this pie is and then I throw it
away and then the next day you come over
and I'm baking another pie I pull that
out of the oven and I'm like this pie is
then I throw it away then the next day
you come over and I bake a third pie and
I say this is and then what happens
is that night when I'm lying in bed and
I'm like no one likes my pies it's
this guy has come over three
times and I've not he's not told me he's
not giving me a single compliment about
my pie does that analogy fit or not yeah
but what do you do when she doesn't want
you put exactly like like hey like
what do I do like you don't want my
pie right yeah like you don't want my
pie so I'm not gonna offer you a
piece because I know you don't want it
so I'm gonna throw it away and you're
gonna come over the next day I'm gonna
pull another one out of it I'm gonna
throw that one away like exactly what do
i do Hayden because you don't want my
pie I don't know just how can I get
you to like my pie make it better
absolutely that's your strategy so day
number four rolls around I'm gonna make
it even better and I'm gonna pull it out
of the oven and I'm gonna say to myself
oh this is still it's not that much
better than yesterday I haven't changed
my recipe that much and you're gonna
come over you're gonna sit on my
countertop
you're gonna sit in my table I'm gonna
throw the pie away because it's not good
enough and then I'm gonna say tomorrow
it's gonna be better and then I'm gonna
make it better or I'm not gonna make it
better because like I'm a piece of
and I've made the best buy that I
possibly can and then I'm gonna I'm
gonna still tear my hair out because you
don't like my pie
how do I get you to like my pie Hayden
you make it better I've done that five
times six times I can't make it any
better you can't make yourself better
then you can't you just can't make them
like you pie okay in this scenario I
think the problem is that you've never
tasted my pie you get that you know if
you don't like if you don't taste it
exactly but am I ever offering you a
piece of pie maybe I haven't been clear
yeah no Dan I get it comes from it yeah
as you come over and what I do is I pull
the pie out of the oven I throw it
straight in the trash and then I say
okay Hayden I'll see you tomorrow and
then you come over the next day because
I want the pie to be perfect I want to
be perfect before I'm even gonna give
you a taste and then I get upset because
you don't like my pie but I've never
given you any pie to try what do you
think about that I mean I just think
what if you make a really good pun you
give it to them and they don't like it
what if right that's why I'm not giving
you the pie because I'm afraid that you
won't like it
and I want it to be good enough I want
to guarantee that you're gonna love the
pie I want it to be perfect because if
the pie is perfect and I give you a
piece then you can't say you don't like
it the only security that I need is a
guarantee that you're gonna love my pie
and until I get that I'm not willing to
give you a piece does that make sense
yeah
the only way you would share your
feelings with her is if you were sure
she felt the same way about you
right yeah
now that's that's a bit of a pickle why
is that what's the problem with that
Hayden well it's just it gets to try you
but absolutely so this is the other
thing is like you actually don't know
like you've ever had a girlfriend before
no so like are you a good boyfriend I've
known T is that how you feel
yeah kind of
so I imagine that you feel like you're
not a good boyfriend that you're not
good boyfriend material I don't think
that I would be surprised if that it's
really I don't know yeah yeah I think
it's reasonable to say I don't know
because you have no experience yeah no
experience I've nothing to base it off
right so you could be good or it could
be bad yeah pretty much right are you
gonna be great at it what do you think
I could be I could not oh yeah so I
think honestly hating the chances that
you're gonna be great at it or pretty
low yeah you know why I think that no
experience absolutely but I do think
that if you work at it you're gonna get
better
just like pub G yeah I kind of in a
mentality as well with I don't really
want a girlfriend until well beautiful
for me I don't need to hear I don't need
to hear anything else this is the
problem I don't want a girlfriend until
yeah I know what's after that is
irrelevant you see that the problem is
the word until I don't want you to taste
the pie until XYZ it makes sense so I
don't want a girlfriend until dot dot
dot so Hayden I think the reason you
don't have a girlfriend is because
you're not ready I'm not ready to let
you try my pie you see that it's not
like women is a race or not
discriminating against you because
you're black although that's a
comforting theory because then it
absolves you of responsibility you can
just hate them in the corner of your
home and like uh the world is a terrible
place because I'm not a black dude and
those people and those people
and those people that's easy man
it's a very very comforting little world
you built for yourself right it's a safe
place because you don't have to put
yourself out there you don't have to get
hurt because if you never tell her how
you feel
she can't reject you but she can and she
does but like that's the thought that
you have right like if you tell her how
you feel like what happens if she
like the pie what happens if she says I
don't feel the same way about you I
don't know what happens after that
so never experience that is that how you
feel you're sounding way too rational to
me my friend I mean that's how I feel
yeah well that's good right because then
like if that's genuinely like if you're
genuinely like I really don't know what
happens after that
because what I was hypothesizing is like
the world comes tumbling down around you
like everything falls apart
and and now I'm projecting cuz like I
remember when I liked a girl there was
like there was a girl that I was like
really really into my freshman year and
we were friends and I never told her how
I feel felt because I was
terrified yeah I think if I would open
up it just feel like and she says no
just be like hey correct like saying
them correct about main Security's
absolutely so yeah very good right so
you have a fear that you're unlovable or
we'll never be able to find a girlfriend
and you will you will never risk that
being true to you and instead what
you're gonna do is never test that
hypothesis and by not ever testing it
you're going to reinforce it with each
girl that you meet it's a hypothesis
that's never put to the test but becomes
more and more fact it's weird
that's not how we handle hypotheses what
we do is we test them but here's the
problem with testing a hypothesis when I
have a hypothesis I don't know that it's
wrong when I test the hypothesis what
happens what do I put on the table
answers absolutely
that's what you're avoiding buddy you
see that which are terrified of is not
women it's answers you're afraid of what
it could show so now I've got a question
for you Hayden what are you gonna do
what do you want to do what do you wish
you could do I wish I could just know
give a good but you can't yeah what
do you wish what else do you wish you
could do anything else by not to give a
do you mean not care about any of
this stuff or be willing to put answers
on the table like be willing to test
your hypotheses well but yeah yeah Birds
so very concretely now that you are
dealing this girl again you gonna tell
her anything well okay so can I help you
a little bit there yeah so when you know
I think you and probably most of twitch
at is thinking that what I want you to
do is tell her how you feel and that's
what I want you to do but I don't think
that's gonna look like what you think it
looks like so here's the conversation
that I think is gonna help you the most
and I think it's not gonna be quite as
terrifying is you you think I'd be
really surprised if you can accurately
predict what's gonna come out of my
mouth I'm gonna toss this out there okay
and I just want you to think about it
you don't have to do it so it's not tell
her hey I used to be in love with you
and I was obsessing about you for years
here watch this Twitter stream that's
not what I'm saying right so I think
this is the big thing it's like people
think like the other problem
Hayden is that your options of
communication with her or tell her
everything or tell her nothing that
needs to change
that's the thing that needs to change
the conversation that I think would help
you the most and not because it's gonna
get her to fall in love with you but
because it'll help you grow as a person
is hey our friendship meant a lot to me
and I was hoping to have like a
conversation with you about it and I
realize now that I had some feelings for
you that were like more than friendship
and I was hoping we could just kind of
talk that through and then you tell her
because now you're in a safe place
because you're not in love with her
anymore right there is still feeling
that changes everything I'm gonna assume
for a moment that you're not in love
with her because if you're not in love
with her then like you don't it's not
doesn't matter if she likes your pyre
doesn't like your pie yeah I think the
conversation you need to have with her
is like hey you know I've always thought
you're gorgeous and I I value our
friendship but I also had some feelings
with you for you and then there was one
thing that happened we had plans and I
felt like you blew me off and that was
very hurtful and and so then like I know
we've kind of been out of contact and I
realize now that that was because like
it hurt me when you did that I felt like
I wasn't important to you and you were
important to me what do you think about
that conversation
I'll just think yeah I've had that
conversation in my head before they I've
had sure conversation of flake
confessing this no I'm not talking about
confessing that's not confessing your
love are you hearing that is what I'm
saying that's not what I'm saying
what do you say I'm gonna say it again I
want you to have a conversation about
your mixed feelings about her isn't it
confessing no because confessing is
confessing your love to her it's
confessing a unit dimensional feeling my
feeling my mixed feelings yes so you say
listen to what I'm saying so like Hayden
I value it like so you know I've always
thought you're gorgeous and I value our
friendship and I really like hanging out
with you and I enjoyed like you know
just being friends with you and I also
noticed that like over time I started to
have some romantic feelings towards you
and I don't know exactly what happened
there but at some point you know there
was this one plate time where we had
plants like go hang out and then you
kind of forgot about him and you you
know I felt like you sort of didn't
value me like I you know I was just
disappointed and hurt when you kind of
cancel plans and it took me some time to
sort of figure that out I'm glad we're
talking again I just wanted to share
some of those thoughts or feelings with
you and like see kind of what you think
what are you hearing there are you
hearing I I mean yeah I'm just thinking
about it what does that fit what does
that sound what does that sound like to
you
that sound like a confession of love
saying that you have mixed feelings to
me it's like a confession okay
how so cuz you're telling them that you
have mixed feelings so that's sure let's
see yeah but you're confessing what are
you confessing to them that you have
mixed feelings that's it or that you had
mixed feelings you can even put it in
the past tense
yeah like that you have some feelings
but like you want to share the mixed
feelings right because then what you
want to do with the beauty of this
conversation she can go either way
she can say yeah your friendship matters
to me too and I don't have romantic
feelings for you and then you cry or but
you'd be surprised or if she says by the
way I sort of have mixed feelings for
you too and then the interesting thing
there is that you're gonna want to go to
like one of two places either you're
wanting you're gonna want to jump for
joy or you're gonna want to be
completely crushed I don't want you to
do either of those I want you to sit in
the blend right and then you guys have
another conversation about it do you
want to just be friends or do you want
to try to like try to date and you talk
it through with her so the problem here
Hayden is that you're making all of
these decisions and shouldering all of
the responsibility for y'all's
relationship you're holding all of it do
you see that she like doesn't get to
play a role you're dealing with an NPC
not a party member it makes sense so I
think what you've got to do is like let
her have some agency in this
relationship and give her a chance to
voice your feelings and by the way you
know when we're talking about like
things that women are looking for it I
know a lot of people have perceptions
that it's money or looks or other kinds
of things but I would say 90% of
successful relationships that I've seen
have men who are emotionally available
this is a concept that in cells in red I
think red pillars don't understand they
think it's bata behavior it's not baby
do you even know what emotional
availability is no not really
okay so like what I talked about the
conversation that I just gave to you is
emotional availability it's the ability
to like think like a woman basically and
sort of like think like not in terms of
black and white but in shades of grey
that relationships are complicated and
nuanced things where like there's shared
decision-making it's not like alpha and
beta it's not like you you trick her
into sleeping with you or you make her
sleep with you there's like no agency
it's all like you're it's like you're
interacting with the Insull red pill
community as best as I understand it
which I'm not an expert by any means so
someone does understand it better please
explain it to me it's almost like they
treat women like NPCs like they don't
acknowledge that there is like a
thinking feeling person there that can
make their own choices and you accept
all of the responsibilities about
whether she's gonna like like this is
the thing you gotta understand man you
can bake a perfect pie and someone can
not like it you can bake an imperfect
pie and someone can love it because
there's no such thing as a perfect pie
right if I'm baking an apple pie
some people like it's sweeter some
people like it more sour like people
have individual preferences and you're
not even letting her choose okay it
makes sense so the next part if there's
gonna be a part two and this is where I
encourage you to think a little bit and
I'll you know I'll give you a chance to
ask questions and stuff but my next
question to you is like where did you
lose your confidence because this whole
insel thing is gonna come tumbling down
because like I hope you see this it
starts with the basic idea that you
presume she's gonna say no it starts
with the basic idea that your pie is not
good enough that's not a testable
hypothesis it's a belief you have faith
that she's gonna say no so where does
that come from
uh I think it just comes from me like
being insecure
so that's hating myself that's that's
what it is that's not where it comes
from where it comes from is not people
telling me and then like a just not
being like successful sure with women
yeah so the other thing is that anytime
you go through the cycle it's going to
make that believe stronger in your mind
do you see that yeah but the other
interesting thing is that if this is a
belief in your mind that is dictating
your relationships
it also means like that's just a belief
you get that that doesn't actually mean
it's true like if the belief can
strengthen it doesn't mean it's truth
and if it comes from people telling you
that you're a piece of when you
were growing up like that doesn't
actually mean you're a piece of it
just means that you've been convinced
that you're a piece of there's hope
because if you can dismantle that belief
I think all this is gonna come
tumbling down and you'll find yourself
with a girlfriend because I think like
you said at the beginning Hayden you
were a moderately attractive guy who
sounds like he's funny
and can you land an 8 maybe maybe not
you absolutely can by the way thanks but
I think your bigger problem is that
you're not willing to consider a 5 right
that is ego like you have this
perception that you want this thing in
like in the same way that you want her
to notice what's right in front of your
eyes omma hypocrite Yeah right but I
know that good I'm all ready yeah yeah
and it's it's not just you right so like
I saw this really interesting like psych
psychology article about like you know
like there's the there are obese and
overweight especially like women like
this is I mean I could be wrong
statistically about this but my
perception is it's women who like want
people to be like accepting of all bod
types so they'll post about like you
know there's no such thing as fat and
they'll be like overweight and it's
usually women these social media has led
me to believe that the paper that I
looked at was looking for nominally
women and the funny thing is that like
people who women who want men to accept
them for being overweight and treat them
the same as someone who's not overweight
are not willing to date overweight men
so that's common we're all like that I
think it's all ego questions why is it a
problem that I have a writing of high
standards because I think your standards
are unidirectional but they're not
complicated enough because I think your
standards don't lead to happy
relationships which is what I think you
really want someone's physical
attractiveness is in my experience is
not one of the most important parts of a
healthy relationship so is it important
absolutely I'm not saying that you
shouldn't be attractive to other people
I mean you shouldn't change who you're
attracted to what I'm saying is that
like I think you have a false standard
of what you're looking for that's fueled
by your ego which comes from all this
kind of complex I mean yeah like like
ticket oh yeah exactly I think it's a
fantasy and I think that if you know so
like here's that here's what I've
observed okay Hayden and this is
something that you have to experiment
with yeah so I I see possibilities in
your life where you remain happy or you
become happy or you remain alone and sad
and I think the likelihood that you end
up being happy in life is greater if
you're willing to consider someone under
1/8 I'm not saying don't have high
standards I'm saying expand the scope of
your standards beyond physical
Tractatus so I think the average of all
of her qualities should be greater than
an eighth but I think someone who makes
you feel like you're not a piece of
is worth way more than how much how
attractive she is if there was a 10 out
of 10 that made you feel like a piece of
and abuse you but also let you
her from time to time I do not like that
as a good relationship for you yeah
right but like there's the bottom would
ya no but like would I still now what I
still care about her like I'll just be
in a six so yeah you'll be whipped then
you'd be a beta wit yeah you'd be a bear
that's then you'd be a back then I mean
when like just get those hot
chick thoroughly absolutely and the
camera as well know you'd care a lot
because she'd be other people
too and she'd make you feel like
maybe she wouldn't be other
people but I think like like healthy
relationships where people feel valued
and appreciated and supportive that
doesn't necessarily have to do with
physical attractiveness right and I
think what you want what you really want
Hayden is not to just a hot chick I
think you want someone to love you back
that's what I think you want more than
anything else I think you want someone
who takes away that feeling that you are
a piece of and unlovable and
unattractive I think more than now I
can't use the f-bomb but okay okay pee
wees there okay
Thank You lovey
okay I'm just gonna have to remain
silent cuz I can't talk about this
before anyway okay so I think what'll be
more satisfying let me put it this way
Hayden I think you may disagree with
this but I just want you to think about
this well what you're gonna find more
satisfying than a hot chick I
think is having a check who's moderately
attractive who wants to you yeah
we get so caught up about wearing to
hot chicks but what like makes us
feel good is to like have someone come
over it's not that like my pie is the
best like what you want is someone who
wants your pie right like you want
someone who's gonna come up to you and
appreciate you for who you are and like
want you as a person they want to be
with you you don't have to convince them
to be with you you don't have to worry
about them being with you they want to
be with you that's what you want more
than anything else and if you have a
certain standard of attractiveness like
I think that's okay if you want to end
up only dating eights out of eight out
of tens like I think that's fine too
like you can choose how you live your
life but I don't think you're gonna be
happy and it makes sense dots are
questions before we wrap up
utterly I don't know if I get anything
from this like I believe everything you
say but like I watch your other videos
but please never like I guess all I can
do is acknowledge it yep
I think you only perception of what you
get out of this is going to be very poor
I think my perception I don't think
we've you haven't had you haven't broken
down crying right that's what people
think that like Oh to get something out
of this you have to break down crying no
I think what can you get have a minute
yeah really so hey let me be very clear
what you get out of this is what you do
with the thoughts and reflections that
we've come up in here with in here
because in order to make change it's not
going to come from a conversation it's
gonna come from offering the imperfect
piece of pie to someone that's what you
like no amount of talking to me is ever
going to be a substitute for that you
understand that
like the progress that you need is not
going to come from me man
how do I be okay if my pie that's a
good question so I think we may have to
have a part two at some point but let me
start here so we're gonna do a little
bit of meditation sit up straight
close your eyes and feel yourself for a
second where is your pie in my
anxiety where is that feeling in my
chest okay what does it feel like
nervous just tightness tightness in your
chest right sweating quick baiting Oh
sweating in what my house just beating
quick quick quick beating art okay so
this is the pie right this is what
you're saying
so now let me ask you Hayden if these
feelings were to reduce does that make
your pie less shitty uh kind of thing to
Stu insecurities sure I didn't say does
it make it go away I said does it make
it less shitty dear okay so listen let's
start there right so this is you're
saying how do I get rid of the pie
and the answer is it takes time and
effort it doesn't happen through one
conversation so I think you need to
start thinking back to where you started
to form these beliefs I think seeing a
therapist is a great idea or see one of
our coaches they can help you with this
kind of thing as soon as they're
available to help you with this kind of
thing yeah and and right now I want you
to just notice those feelings and I want
you to breathe into them so put your
head up straight neck up straight good
there we go
relax your shoulders don't hunched over
so I want you to are you leaning against
the back of the chair too so I want you
to sit forward away from the back of the
chair
yep how tall are you
5:11 okay so okay so can you raise your
chair a little bit look do you have
anybody can sit on no no I I don't want
to you know move I when we I wanted to
affect your posture not your camera oh
yeah I can sit on my pillow like Miss
Jones yeah
sit on your pillow like Mitch Jones you
look like you're hunched are you hunched
there we go there it is issue number one
you're not gonna be confident if you're
sitting like you were sitting before
that is the posture of a beta who is
insecure how do you feel now I feel like
sitting up straight there you go so
you're a whole life Haydon you have not
been sitting up straight you haven't
actually been sitting the way that you
really are you've been sitting over
hunched smaller than you truly are how
does it feel to sit up straight
just feels like I'm sitting up straight
that I don't have any feelings related
to sit up shy okay fine so what's
happening in your chest
uh I'm just puffing it out okay uh-huh
what's your anxiety same same feelings
okay so I want you to notice that those
feelings are sort of like operating in a
different space there's more space in
there now can you feel that yeah yeah I
can feel it so if there's more space has
the anxiety grown or is it sort of just
occupying like a portion in the middle
it's stayed the same but so is there
space around the anxiety that is not
anxiety in your chest
I think it's filling up because I'm
thinking about it good let him so know
watch it filling you up sit up straight
there we go see as you fill up you start
to hunch down so keep yourself straight
if you need to now what I want you to do
is pick up your pillow and fold it in
half and then sit on it there we go
eyes closed
now what I want you to do is to breathe
into your chest and expand it maximal
breath hold that feel that tension and
then relax let your spine remain erect
your shoulders can relax but your spine
should stay straight there we go
you guys see what he just did with his
head now he's doing it right
so I'm gonna talk to twitch chat for a
second I don't know if you guys can tell
but Hayden is less pathetic now he may
feel just as pathetic but he's less
pathetic you guys can see the difference
like just look at him
I know it's anxiety provoking for you so
now what do you feel Hayden nothing okay
Hayden's like I don't know what these
guys are talking about that's
okay
that's fine so what are you smiling out
of embarrassment or absurdity or what I
just think it's funny okay good we'll
take it what does the laughter do to the
feeling in your chest
thought and I just I don't lean so much
laughing okay it's so yeah I can't tell
you
okay that's okay good so breathe big and
then out now what I want you to do
Hayden we're gonna do Darth Vader breath
have you learned this before have you
seen this before so you know how Darth
Vader breathes
how does he feel can you make that sound
yeah good so
I can't stop so I feel like a
idiot good I'm glad you feel like a
idiot
yeah let's do it
make the noise and I want you to focus
on your throat okay I want you to
contract your throat and slow down the
rate of your breathing and make that
noise good beautiful so sit up straight
again
good back straight head straight there
we go I don't know what's an you want me
to make could you make it again okay
yeah so just beautiful and then out
now as you make that sound can you feel
a contraction in your throat yeah okay
so now what I want you to do is focus on
that contraction but now breathe through
your nose and you should hear a hissing
sound in your head you hear the hissing
you know focus on the hissing
good
I want you to do seven breaths and you
hear the hiss in and the hiss out with
each one expand the chest fully so don't
just focus on the hissing turn on the
hissing and then focus on your chest and
then exhale fully so folk turn on the
hissing and then let your chest contract
every ounce of air out every gram I
suppose every milliliter
and now that you're doing a good job
we're gonna throw you off again do you
feel like an idiot you know where is
that feeling of idiocy I can't okay
breathe through it four more breaths sit
up straight
expand your chest
we're gonna throw you another curveball
I want you to try to ignore what I'm
saying listen to what I'm saying
notice the thoughts and feelings it
evokes and then go back to your breath
now you're sitting like a Chad now
you're sitting like an alpha I'm gonna
troll you harder and harder buddy
just 12 breathe through it
see you were you ready for the next one
so you thought the bad part about this
twitch stream was your friends watching
the bad part is when I asked you to
meditate and then make it really really
hard for you
sit up straight three breaths focus on
that contraction in your throat
beautiful and then out
now three more breaths count to seven
for the inhalation and seven for the
exhalation
beautiful
now if you're done now just notice what
you feel
the anxieties there the embarrassment
the embarrassment is there so so now
Hayden I'm going to ask you a couple of
last questions so your question to me
was how do you do things if you're if
you believe your pipe tastes like
so did you feel anxiety today yeah did
you feel embarrassment today yeah did
you feel like you were doing a bad job
yeah how did you do this then
I'm confused I thought that if you felt
those negative things you couldn't do
things right that's what you're telling
me you're saying I have these feelings
how do I act but just now you had a
bunch of feelings and I didn't make it
easier on you just rolling you the
entire time making you look like more
and more of an idiot how did you do this
I just did Oh hmm so I think your answer
to your question now you've done it once
I'm gonna leave it up to you to reflect
and figure out what you did today
because you came on the stream in front
of thousands of people and aired the
dirtiest most shameful parts of your
inner being and you opened up you cut
open your pie and you showed people all
of the inside alive in front of
thousands of people how did you do that
it wasn't easy but Edie tell you just
had the idea yeah you're damn right it
wasn't easy that's why it's valuable
because if this was easy then you
couldn't like that doesn't help you man
why do you think I was making it harder
for you it's because like we want to
make it harder for you we don't want to
make your life easy because you're you
what you're dealing with is not easy
it's hard so we have to train you to do
things in spite of your emotions that
are difficult and you've done it you've
done it once how did you do it I'm not
even sure all I know is that this seems
to work I don't know how this works I
just know that does in something about
people who so this is the thing hey do
you part of it is getting to the root of
why you feel this way in dispensing with
that the other half of that is not
bothering with the root but just
accepting that like your pie is kind of
shitty you can have negative emotions
but don't let them paralyze you because
they don't actually control you and then
the more you understand and reflect upon
what happened here today that dr. K like
he didn't teach you meditation he
trolled you during meditation and then
trolled you harder and harder and harder
and harder and harder and yet you did it
so how does that work I don't know but
something tells me that if you can
understand what happened here today
you'll have the answer to your question
now remind me again who's got questions
and who's got answers you ask me a
question who's got the answer me
absolutely
any last words all right man no thanks
Lily
you're very welcome dude good luck thank
you and and if you want to watch the
vada and really listen to what I said in
terms of how you should consider talking
to this girl okay really think about it
if you could you know send me the
message what do you guys I said yeah
sure I'll I'll message you I'll send you
some dm's okay yeah okay take care of it
Thanks good luck Manny - we're rooting
for you because if you can change then
we can change
good luck sure Thanks
all right boys and girls
okay so okay awesome so what we're gonna
do
let me see if we want to do our late
yo do we have time for two questions do
we have time for two questions yeah
awesome let's do it oh yeah can you hear
me look hey what's up man hey how's it
going good um first off I just want to
say how much I appreciate the work
you're doing you're addressing a problem
within a community that probably needs
it the most right now in this day and
age but uh so my question is that I was
wondering if you had any advice for
someone with low self-worth and how to
stop comparing yourself to others yeah
so um I think yeah so I think like I was
kind of telling Haden there are two
pieces to that right one is that you
have to understand where this low
self-worth comes from so like when did
you start to believe that you're like
not a good person and if you can go back
to the source like when like so think
about when you feel ashamed about
yourself so I'm just tossing out the
word ashamed and what am i calling you
buddy uh an oral integral okay so
integral when you think about like when
you feel that shame or you find yourself
comparing and then you fall short right
because when you compare you fall short
of other people yeah and I guess that's
why I have trouble sort of approaching
other girls or you know I'll start
talking to them and then I'll just stop
because I feel like they're gonna be
disappointed in me yeah so the first
question is when was the first time you
felt that feeling
I couldn't give you a time but it's just
basically when I I don't want to give
you the whole spiel but it's basically
when I started behaving and and
observing that I'm acting just like my
father does and he's just somebody I
really don't want to be look okay so I
think like your journey actually starts
with like something it sounds like it
starts with something around your father
right so I encourage you to actually
reflect and and sort of think a little
bit about did he make you feel a certain
way did you watch him and feel a certain
way and you really have to like dig in
to that kind of stuff and I've got to
think a little bit about how to better
help you guys structure those
explorations and the second thing is to
just recognize the comparison right and
when you when you're doing the
comparison like just like what what we
were doing with with Hayden you can have
feelings and generally speaking those
feelings control you but you can also
have like you can though they don't have
to but we kind of feel like they do and
people don't understand that your
feelings don't have to control you until
you start the process of not letting
them control you and that happens in
little little ways right so so if you're
trying to talk to a girl and you find
yourself like comparing yourself to
other people in your head and saying oh
this girl's not gonna like me because
I'm not so and so so you have to start
by finding the the lowest value
comparison so forget about girls but
it's like maybe it's something like I'm
gonna smile at the person at the grocery
store and then there's gonna be a small
part of your in your voice that's in
your head that's gonna be like a voice
that's like oh you're gonna look dumb if
you smile at people and so you notice
that but the question is can you get
away with it
despite the voice telling you that
you're gonna look dumb can you do it
anyway because right now there's a power
struggle between you and that voice and
right now that voice is winning
so the way you start to win against the
voice as you take the battles that you
can write you're fighting a war against
an opponent who's far stronger than you
you are so you don't face them in battle
like in an open field and get run over
because that's forcing yourself to ask a
girl out that's gonna end terribly you
take you do guerrilla warfare so what
are the small battles that you can fight
against the voice that you can actually
win and I'd start with something as
simple as do you smile at people when
you see them well it's it's super
insightful again it's just like I never
think about that kind of thing but um
thank you so much
what for answering what the I asked you
a question do you not really I mean like
occasionally once in a while but it's
like so literally integral you should
start by smiling at people and every
time you do that you're gonna run a
little experiment in your head like when
I tell you like the next person like
who's the neck I know it's Kovac but
who's the next person you're gonna see
besides my parents probably who said
that you can't smile it not sight and
besides onion do you smile at your
parents ah barely I mean okay yeah I bet
occasionally yeah you know they they
tell me something but it's it's not like
a regular thing you know absolutely
that's why it's important the goal here
is to get you to do things that you
don't normally do not do things that are
regular things for you right right so
start by smiling at your parents it's
gonna be feel weird you right
we're on the same page about that but
that's why you've got to do it okay try
practice on them and then you'll see a
stranger and then you can practice on
that so you are practicing the skill you
are leveling up the ability you're
leveling up your emotion resistance
that's what this is you guys got a
resistant to your emotions and act
anyway right it gives you like an attack
penalty but you don't stop swinging just
because you've got an attack penalty you
gotta still take the swing you're gonna
miss because you have an attack penalty
fine build up your emotional resistance
your attack penalty will decrease and
you'll start hitting hitting things
hopefully women like isn't sexually not
like physically abuse okay I'm gonna
stop before I get bad all right thank
you so much take care dude
okay who's next who's next
wait one one more two more one more okay
then I have a question hold on
it's Randolph from the discord asks
could you ask dr. K how he met his wife
if he's struggling with it or maybe it
was arranged that would be interesting
to hear yeah so it was not arranged I'm
happy to say so I met my wife at summer
camp and so like I had some interesting
armor so I really lucked out so I met my
wife at summer camp so I went to India
for like three months and towards the
end of the that time I came back to the
US and I went to this like Hindu summer
camp basically where I was gonna teach a
lot because I had learned all this stuff
and you know in the old country so and I
decided to become a monk and so the cool
thing that so then I'd her and and she
was a counselor at the camp I was a
counselor at the camp you know I was
teaching all this wonderful knowledge I
had about meditation that I've learned
in these ashrams in these remote areas
of India and everyone was like oh right
because they're a bunch of like
second-generation Indian kids at this
camp and so the interesting thing is I
think I kind of got lucky because in my
mind like I had taken a relationship off
of the table and so what I struggled
with is like I thought like I cared
about what women thought when I talked
to them so I had trouble being me
because I tried to be someone who was
not me to get them to like me more so
there's like real all oak and then
there's the all oak and real all oak
doesn't think that women can like him so
he tries to be fake all oak and it turns
out that being fake all oak is
unattractive to women just like most of
the time being a fake person is like
people are attracted to like
authenticity you know I was super
stressed out because I was trying to
maintain this persona that I was not I
was just like faking it right and and so
the funny thing that happened is like
when I decided to become a monk I kind
of let that go because I was like okay
there's no way I'm gonna date anyone
anyway I'm gonna become a monk right
because that was the way that I
protected myself from the rejects
because I've protected myself because if
it's like if there's no chance that I
can you know if I it's like I don't have
to feel like a reject if I'm not willing
to date them in the first place you get
rejected from you protect yourself from
rejected rejection 100% when you don't
apply
you know you get 0% rejected from jobs
if you apply to zero jobs zero rejection
safety and so the way that I did that in
my mind was like I was gonna take all
those feelings if I'm a piece of
and then I said I'm bad oh I'm gonna be
a monk I'm going to give up it's not
it's not in cell it's like voluntary
celibacy so I was like a vol cell and
and so the interesting thing is that it
turned out that like when I just was
myself that sometimes women find that
attractive and then I got really really
confused because as I started dating her
like women that I was interested in for
two years like at college started to
like hit me up whereas just like Haden a
lot of my communications felt one-way so
unless I reached out to them they didn't
reach out to me and then suddenly like
you know a year after I'm dating someone
I run into someone and then they're like
and then throughout so that I got
confused by that for a little while and
I wasn't really sure what was going on
and then I got busy and tried to uh you
know put my life together and stop so I
didn't have time for that and then
like the funny thing is that even
throughout like med school and stuff
like that kept happening like and and
you know I just didn't care so like by
the time so I was older than many people
when I started med school so like the
average age of people coming to med
school was like 23 24 I was 27 I got
married after my first year of med
school or like during my first year of
med school and then like the really
crazy thing is like like so then I
really didn't care so like once I knew
out like once I got engaged I was like I
went into med school and really didn't
care like there's no possibility that
I'm gonna date anyone there because I'm
engaged
sounds like okay that's figured out I
sorted through that and so I just
started to be
myself and then suddenly like nurses
started hitting on me I was like is this
just because I'm gonna be a doctor one
day because that's what you would think
right but it turns out that that's not
the case I mean you guys can talk to
doctors who are in cells and they'll
tell you that they thought that once
they become a doctor the women are just
gonna be like trying to bash down their
door and date them and it turns out
unfortunately it's not true and this is
where like I think people have a lot of
like incorrect perceptions about what
women are looking for because once you
have friends who are doctors and in
cells and becoming a doctor doesn't
change their Insull status then you
start to question what is it that makes
an in cell so I think at the end of the
day you know I met her and kind of
lucked out because my ego had sort of
protected me from in a weird way had
protected me from like that whole
complex of thinking and that's why I
believe that like if we listen to Hayden
Hayden isn't actually cursed in life
like what's holding him back is in here
it's not out there and the reason I
believe that is because I realize like
the difference between me not being able
to get a girl to date me and then like
suddenly falling into a girlfriend is is
like has nothing to do with like my
physical attractiveness or my ethnicity
and as everything to do with like what
my thoughts are and how I carry myself
because my I carry myself relates to my
thoughts and you guys like get what I
was saying when like like Hayden looked
less pathetic right you guys with me
anyway does that answer your question
Moses or other dude yeah do you have
follow-ups I think so not really that's
a pretty good answer all right man we
should all go to summer camp and to cure
our insulin yeah so it's I know you just
about that but I do think it's
worthwhile to like engage in activities
where you're not looking for a date
right like that's people people say that
but like it's fun I mean as funny as
that is yeah like you should go out you
should just do stuff for the sake of
doing stuff and be yourself and then oh
yeah you know don't have your head up
your ass
and then you will be surprised right
yeah anyway like not not healthy I'm so
I can have some babies good yeah did the
retreat last year
let's do summer camp let's do it oh yeah
okay so thank you guys very much thanks
a lot
Moses I thank you all right folks so we
are gonna wrap up for today thank you
guys very much for coming thank you guys
very much for your donations
subscriptions all that kind of stuff you
know we're here to help people
understand themselves and we're not
gonna judge right so hopefully I wasn't
judgmental but I think that you know if
you're an in cell this is the other
thing so by the way what's up with like
all the softball in sauce maybe this is
the second guy who's like I'm sort of an
in cell and then he says like he uses
the c-word and then he drops misogyny
but like if he stops using the c-word
like he doesn't really seem like a
misogynist like what what's up with that
like do we just is it because we're such
a wholesome stream that we can't attract
the right kind of you know breathing
fire sort of insel like if we get like a
like maybe what we need instead of an in
cell is a red pillar right can we get
can we get some real just toxic
masculine you know just the yes so what
is a black pillar I don't even know
anyway